# Assignment: Final Project Organization and GitHub Repository
# Anyue Ruan

------------------------------------------------------------------------

##Repository Description

#Overall data
The data is about smoking and lung cancer status. It includes people of different age groups, different genders and whether they have lung cancer or not. And, the data set also includes different information such as anxiety level, severity of smoking, and even peer pressure.

Gender: M(male), F(female)

Age: Age of the patient

Smoking: YES=2 , NO=1.

Yellow fingers: YES=2 , NO=1.

Anxiety: YES=2 , NO=1.

Peer_pressure: YES=2 , NO=1.

Chronic Disease: YES=2 , NO=1.

Fatigue: YES=2 , NO=1.

Allergy: YES=2 , NO=1.

Wheezing: YES=2 , NO=1.

Alcohol: YES=2 , NO=1.

Coughing: YES=2 , NO=1.

Shortness of Breath: YES=2 , NO=1.

Swallowing Difficulty: YES=2 , NO=1.

Chest pain: YES=2 , NO=1.

Lung Cancer: YES , NO.

#Code
`code/00_make_data.R`

  - cleaned data from raw data
  - saved in `output/` folder

`code/01_make_descript.R`

  - displayed the overall info described
  - saved as "Table_Basic" in `output/` folder

`code/02_make_regression.R`

  - generated the regression and prediction of selected variables
  - saves as .rds in `output/` folder

`code/03_render_report.R`

  - rendered `report.Rmd`, including all tables and graphs as reference and generating a comprehensive report

`report.Rmd`

  - reads the prepared data,Tables 1A-B and Figures 1A-D generated by the codes above
  - adds writing to the report, integrates all tables and figures
  
##How to Generate Report

In the command line, using Make to render the report. The .gitignore and .gitkeep files will make sure the desired files are saved and the rest are discarded. 

##Renv  how to synchronize your package repository

The link to my repository on GitHub is: https://github.com/AnyueRae/INFO-550-Final-Project-Renv. Fork and clone the repository so that you can make changes to the code. Confirm that the `renv` package is installed by running `"renv" %in% row.names(installed.packages())`. Then, restore the package library using `renv::restore()`. After the changes are made, run `renv::snapshot()` to update the lock file. Finally, make a new commit, and push them to GitHub. 

##Docker

Use docker build -t project_image . to build the image. Run make final_report/report.html to build the compiled final report.


